(Jane whimpering)
(screaming)
(whimpering)
No.
(Louie)
Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, you okay?
I'm having
a scary dream.
No, no,
no, no, no.
You're awake now,
it's over now.
It's over.
No, I'm still
dreaming.
But it's better now.
Okay.
There you go.
Daddy?
Shh...
Yeah.
I'm having
a nice dream now.
Okay, good.
Keep having
a nice dream, okay?
Yeah.
You promise?
Got it.
Okay, good.
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Daddy.
Love you.
**
(door closing)
Dad, I forgot my science
notebook at your house.
Okay.
No, but I need it and I'm
going to Mom's house.
I'll get it to
your mom later.
What?
Daddy.
Girls, do we know
the subway rules?
Daddy.
Yes.
Do we remember
the subway rules?
What are they?
Daddy--
Let's hear the subway--
just a second-- let's hear--
I'm still dreaming.
Okay, come here, come here,
come here, come here.
Daddy, I'm still
dreaming.
What?
I'm still dreaming.
This is all my dream,
it's really cool.
It's almost
like real life.
Okay, the subway
rules.
If you get on
the train--
Wait, wait, wait.
But-- okay,
if you get--
Let's say you get on
the train--
Let's say I get on
the train and you don't,
you get somehow stuck on
the platform by yourself,
what do you do?
Then we--
we stay right there
and then you'll come
back to us.
That's right.
Stay in that
exact spot.
You stay in
that exact spot
and you don't
move, right?
Right.
Bingo.
Okay, what if
you get on the train
and somehow I don't
get on the train?
When you're alone on
the train, what do you do?
We get off at
the next spot.
At the next stop.
What do you do there?
And then we stay there
and we don't let
anyone move us
and we stay right there
until you come get us.
Ahh!
Come on.
This dream's cool.
(wheels screeching)
Ah, it's coming,
come on.
Ba-ba-ba, come on.
Go, go, go,
come on.
Jane,
you're with me?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Get on, get on,
get on, get on.
Okay.
(exhaling)
So what do you need from
your mom's house?
You need your
science notebook.
I need my
science notebook
and I need it
for Wednesday.
So if I get it to
you tomorrow, that's okay?
Yeah.
Do you need
anything else?
No, that's it.
I need it by
Wednesday.
By Wednesday?
So if I get it to you
tomorrow, that's okay?
Yeah.
(man)
Stand clear of
the closing doors, please.
(door dinging)
Jane, Jane!
(Jane)
It's okay, Daddy.
Jane! Stop the train!
Open the door!
It's okay, Daddy.
I'm going to
stay right here.
Jane, Jane!
(Jane)
I'll stay right here.
It's my dream.
Jane!
I'll stay right here.
Stop the train!
Dad, Dad,
it's okay.
Stop the train!
Dad!
Dad, it's okay,
she's going to be okay.
Oh!
Remember the subway rules.
The subway rules.
Oh!
Remember the subway rules,
it's going to be--
(bleep)
Dad!
Goddamn it!
Dad, it's gonna be okay.
Dad, stop.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay, she knows
the subway rules.
We just went over them.
It's going to
be okay.
As soon as the doors open,
we have to run--
get off that train.
Fast.
What are we gonna do
when we're--
we're gonna go up
to the mezzanine,
we're gonna go to
the downtown side,
we're gonna get on the first
train coming back.
We're gonna have to
come back downtown.
Okay?
And then we have to
go upstairs,
we have to go outside,
we have to cross
Lexington,
we have to
go back downstairs
and then we'll
find Jane.
Come on, come on, come here,
come here, come here.
Soon as these doors open,
we're running, you understand?
Running.
Got it.
Oh, Christ.
What is wrong
with her?
It's not her fault.
(wheels screeching)
**
Come on, come on!
Goddamn shit, goddamn shit,
goddamn shit.
Shit, shit, shit...
You shouldn't curse
in front of your daughter.
Shit!
(wheels screeching)
What?
You're okay?
Okay, love you,
love you, love you.
Sorry.
Okay.
Yeah, it's fine, Dad.
(man)
Hey, are you okay?
Are you lost?
Well, my dad
told me to stay here.
It was part of
the subway rules.
Plus, this is all my dream,
so everything is okay.
Your dream.
**
Let people off,
let people off, please!
(horn honking)
(groaning)
**
Jane, Jane!
(Jane)
Daddy!
Daddy, it worked and this
is all part of my dream!
No, this is not
a dream, Jane!
It's not a dream!
This is real!
People get hurt!
It's a dangerous
world!
Kids get stolen!
And they disappear
forever, Jane!
This is real!
Bad things happen!
You can't do something
like that ever again!
Just--
Dad, Dad.
It's enough.
No!
(crying)
Go ahead and cry,
that's right!
That's what
you should be doing!
No.
You should be scared
and crying!
Do you know what
could have happened?!
No!
It's not okay!
Never do something
like that again!
Never!
Why did you do that?!
Why did you do that,
Jane?!
I don't like this dream.
This is a bad dream.
No, it's not
a good dream!
You never do this
again!
This is
a horrible dream.
Come on,
we're taking a cab.
I'm taking you to
your mom's.
Go, come on,
come on.
Hey.
Mommy.
Hi.
(Jane)
Hi, Patrick.
Patrick.
Hi, Louie.
Hey, um...
something happened,
we had a thing happen.
What happened?
First of all, last night,
Jane had a bad dream.
Yeah, she gets those.
No, so...
but then this morning, she
says she's still dreaming.
Like she's saying how
everything is
part of her dream.
That, she's just
being creative--
So then we're on
the subway
and right before
the doors close--
* The craziest...
lined up today *
* And the thing
that would please me *
* Oh yeah baby
* I just want to
know what to do *
* 'Cause you-- *
Jane?
Jane?!
Stop, Jane.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
You tell me
something right now.
Is this a dream?
Are we in your
dream right now?
No, Mommy.
Is it true what
your dad said,
what you did
on the subway?
Yes, Mommy.
Sorry, Mommy.
You go to your room
right now.
Okay.
Let's go, huh?
(breathing heavily)
Yeah.
Yeah...
(scoffing)
(nervously chuckling)
(inhaling deeply)
(clearing throat)
Okay?
Uh-huh.
All right, I'll talk
to you later.
Uh-huh.
Yep.
**
(horn honking)
(clanking)
(speaking foreign language)
Oh...
(elevator bell ringing)
(ringing continues)
What happened?
I don't--
I don't know.
What'd you do?
I just pressed
the elevator button.
Help!
(elevator bell ringing)
Someone's stuck.
Oh, shit.
Hey!
Hello!
Who's stuck in there?
(elevator bell ringing)
Help, I'm st--
(man)
Hello!
I'm stuck!
Who's in there?
Okay, well, don't
ring the bell no more.
Just hold on.
You hold on here.
(woman)
Hello?
Help!
Uh, he's coming
right back.
I'm afraid!
You're fine.
No, I'm not fine.
I'm stuck.
Well, yeah.
You...
Hold this.
(grunting)
Hello?
Can you get me
out of here?
No, not right now!
Why not?
I can't move this
elevator.
I gotta call
the fire department.
Can't you just get
her out through--
No, no, no, no.
That's how you
get cut in half, see?
The elevator moves,
and she gets out
partway...
(imitating slicing)
I seen a guy cut
in half like a fish.
Hold on here.
I gotta go
call fire...
Hello?
Hello,
is someone there?
Uh, yeah,
he's coming right back.
He's just calling
the fire department.
Can you help me?
I can't get you
out of there.
But can you help me?
How?
I need my medication.
It's very important.
If-- if-- if you go to
my apartment, it's 2B.
Can you help me?
Okay.
I will give you
my keys.
And, um, if you
go in my kitchen,
on the counter is
my pills.
Okay.
I need them now.
I'm sorry.
I'll be right back.
**
(floor creaking)
(pills rattling)
* Pee, pee, pee, pee, pee
pee, pee, pee, pee, pee *
* And here's to you
Mrs. Pee-Pee Face **
(whimpering)
I called
the fire department!
They're sending
someone over!
Please don't
shout at me.
I'm not shouting!
I'm talking loud enough
so you can hear me in there!
Oh, good, you're back.
Wha...
Oh, hello?
Uh, hi, I got--
I got your pills.
Oh, thank you so much.
Okay.
God bless you.
All right, well,
so you're okay now, right?
Well...
It's awful being
trapped in here alone.
Well, try to, uh,
try not to think about it.
Try to think of
something else.
You know, like pretend,
uh...
you're in, uh,
you're not stuck.
You're in a little
waiting room
with no chairs
and no windows
like on purpose.
You're very kind.
All right, well,
he's gonna be back soon
with the fire department.
Yeah.
All right, well, you don't
have to stay here with me.
I'll be fine.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
Hey, by the way,
there's a woman
in your apartment.
She's asleep
on the sofa.
Oh!
That's my niece.
I did not know
that she was home.
Oh, please, can you go and
ask her to wait with me?
Please?
Uh, sure.
But she was sleeping.
Oh, for heaven's sake,
wake her.
You still
have my keys.
Yeah, I do.
Okay.
All right,
I'll be right back.
Hello.
Hello, hello?
(keys jangling)
Hello.
Uh, hi.
You're kind of naked.
I don't want to
touch you.
(whistling)
Hello, hello, come on.
Hello, hello,
hello.
All right.
(shouting in foreign language)
No, no, no!
Your aunt!
Your aunt...
(shouting continues)
... is on the elevator!
Your aunt is
in the elevator!
Your aunt is in
the elevator!
(shouting continues)
(siren blaring)
Your aunt is in
the elevator!
(shouting continues)
(siren blaring)
(horn honking)
(horn honking continues)
(exhaling)
Oh...
Mother's tits.
**
(woman on phone)
Take advantage of Bryn Jorner
Cable's newest deals,
including free HBO
for only $20 a day
and a sports package with none
of your favorite sports.
Here at Slime Dormer Cable,
we know you have no choice in
cable providers,
so we appreciate
your choosing us.
Your hold time may be up to
7,000 seconds.
(doorbell ringing)
Oh, hi.
Uh, come, uh...
Hi.
(speaking foreign language)
I'm sorry, um...
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
no, no.
Nah, just don't--
don't worry about it.
Don't, uh...
No, no, it's fine,
it's fine.
It's all right.
It's okay.
(speaking foreign language)
Yeah.
(yelling)
Yeah, yeah,
that was crazy.
You know, it's, uh...
That's nice,
don't worry about it.
Thank you.
Oh, is that...
(speaking foreign language)
For me?
Can you-- come in,
come on in.
Uh...
Come on inside, please.
Okay.
Come on in.
Yeah, this is my
apartment.
Come on in.
Ah.
Yes.
**
This is really good.
It's yummy.
Yum-yum.
Yum-yum!
It's delicious.
It's mmm.
(speaking foreign language)
You don't want it?
No, no,
this is for me.
No, I'm not serving
you any--
Yeah, this
is more for me.
(laughing)
Yeah, here we go.
You know what?
(speaking foreign language)
Yeah, look,
let's just--
let's just go ahead
and...
Let's just eat.
Oh my God.
I love, uh...
women.
Not all of them.
But usually when I love
somebody, it's a woman.
How do you know
you love somebody?
That's a good question.
How do you know you
love somebody?
You know you love somebody
when you share your
innermost...
secret racism with them.
That's...
that's when you
really know...
when you finally come out
and say, "All right,
there's this black guy at work
"and, uh...
Actually, you know what,
both black guys at work."
I have two daughters,
so I'm raising two future women,
you know?
Maybe.
I mean, one of them might
be a guy later.
It's possible.
It could happen.
Someday, one of my
daughters will say,
"Dad, I'm really a guy."
And I'll be like,
"All right, well,
"let's get you a dick.
"Let's get
you a dick, honey.
"We're going to get you
the nicest dick in town.
Nothing is too good
for my little girl."
**